Return UserCanceledException on user cancellation (#394)
braintree/braintree_android: v4_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

### Handling Cancellation 

> All user cancellations will be returned as a `UserCanceledException` with an error message indicating user cancellation to the callback of the invoked method. 

Reviewer: Take it or leave it suggestion! This sentence feels slightly confusing/wordy to me right now.

```suggestion
When the customer cancels out of a payment flow, a `UserCanceledException` will be returned in the callback of the invoked method.
```
